hi I'm Shila vet with childcare landcom
and today I want to share with you
play-doh scissor skills this is really a
great activity for developing fine motor
skills and oxic uses for color
recognition if you use several different
colors of play-doh on here supplies are
very minimal you can use you should
either use your own homemade playdough
or store-bought play-doh and you see
some scissors these are toddler safe
scissors and some kind of a container or
a workspace for the children to cut the
play-doh in and what would happen is
depending upon the age of the children
they would roll the play-doh into what
we call snakes just by picking it up and
rolling it back and forth like such and
then once they've done that then they
would just take their scissors and begin
to snip pieces off the end of the
play-doh and the Plato itself present
has a nice resistance on it for the
children and so again it aids in the
development of fine motor skills and of
course scissor skills on here very easy
to setup we do this in our outdoor
Center be doing that again this summer
on here if children are too young to
roll these out you can certainly have
this set out with colors already rolled
out for them and then when they are done
with the play-doh then they go and put
all of the colors back together on here
and then reform the snake again which is
always fun for them to so they get a
little bit of sorting in here as well
and matching for this activity and I
just blow it to ball and then again make
a snake with it with their hands rolling
it back and forth or on a surface
rolling it back and forth on there quick
and easy idea for a nice summer day or a
quiet time activity inside as well if
you're not subscribed to my youtube
channel please do so so you can be
notified when new videos are released
and also please subscribe to my free
weekly newsletter at child care landcom
if you like the materials and ideas i
present in these videos please like
comment and share as always your support
is truly appreciated
for Plato scissor skills I'm Shelly
LaVette with childcare landcom and
thanks for watching